alright it's December 15 as you can tell
it is pissing rain out but it's 12
degrees so I can't complain being that's
December today I'm trying to get some
cards hopefully I'll pick up a couple
fish and fish in four and a half pounds
avid lead with a four-inch hooklink sefa
clip box armor point SSC size 4 on the
muscle corn I haven't been out much
lately I've been just swamp between
getting ready for University and running
my own small business doing accounting
I've just been locked up so today mo
trying to take advantage of this
beautiful weather hopefully I'll get a
couple fish merry Christmas to those
celebrate copy holidays to those dark
and thanks for watching take care
alright little update here pushing 830
quarter to nine I just got my first fish
those little scared at first that i was
going to blank today but i got that out
of the way small fish 10 12 pounds maybe
I am bother taking a picture of it cuz
it's just pissing out but hopefully I'll
get something bigger and I'll be able to
share some pictures of some clips or
something chopping out eggies
alright it's got one o'clock in the
afternoon I just got blasted this
24-pound 2-ounce comment viewtiful fish
the fall colors on this fish tails a
little bit messed up other than that
beautiful let me get this fish home all
right update here I've got seven fish
for the day I lost a couple to hook
pulls got a couple decent fish got one
in his 24 pounds and pretty good in my
books for december 15
still fishing the method still fishing
the muscle porn I got a couple hours to
go I'm going to cook up some hot dogs
and now hopefully I'll get a couple more
fish
keep posted thanks for watching goose
hot dog
look at this much I want all the feed
means no hot dogs for you my friend
check this guy out
cember 15
he says I'm going for a boat ride
it's gonna bask in the Sun all right so
it's been a killer day I just got my
eight fish landed I've lost three two
hook poles I've had a couple of pickups
that I've missed as the way things
usually go Sun is coming up so I've got
about 20 more minutes maybe half hour
hopefully i'll get another fish outside
of that thanks for watching the chances
are i won't have anything else upload so
for those that are watching happy happy
holidays have a good Christmas drive
safe and best wishes to the new year
cheers
you